I'm in again and I'll be bringing new
fresh ideas to make dinner planning easy
great value meals that are delicious and
quick so what's for dinner tonight
it's minestrone this is one of my
favorite one-pot wonders and all you'll
need is fresh celery onion carrot golden
delight potatoes select tomato paste
macaroni chicken stock and diced
tomatoes click here for the full recipe
and add all the ingredients to your
trolley when you shop online the great
thing about making a minestrone is you
can use any veggies that you have on
hand and today I'm using the usual
suspects so I'm just gonna arc up the
pan add it out of olive oil and then we
saute the onions celery and leek in the
pan until it's lovely and soft then add
garlic carrot and potato and cook until
it's nicely coated and heated through
this is all nicely coated we're gonna
add a tablespoon of tomato paste for a
great depth of flavor
give it a stir for about a minute to
cook off that tomato paste flavor to
make this minestrone even easier you can
buy all the ingredients online and have
them home delivered now I'm adding a can
of diced Audie tomatoes and now it's
time to add the chicken stock I'm using
1 liter of bully's select chicken stock
and she goes and half a cup of water and
we're gonna bring this to the boil for
about 10 minutes the great thing about
soup is you can make double the batch
and freeze some for later the minestrone
has been boiling for 10 minutes now so
I'm going to add the pasta now you can
use any parts you like but I'm using
macaroni and I'm only adding half a cup
because you don't want it to dominate
the whole dish it really swells up we're
just gonna let this cook for about 8
minutes until it's just al dente so the
pastor is just perfectly cooked we're
just gonna add some cannellini beans
these have been rinsed and drained then
I'm adding some finely shredded kale and
some green beans now we do this at the
end because we just want to heat them
through so stir
the men and you want to cook the beans
until they're bright green and still
crunchy and this will be ready in two
minutes and that's dinner done we're
ready to serve
mmm mmm look at that packed full of
goodies it's a great way to get kids to
eat veggies so now we're just gonna
judge it up with just a little bit of
cracked black pepper sprinkle of fresh
parsley and of course a shaving of
parmesan so what's for dinner tonight
it's this easy and delicious minestrone
soup perfect for a cold winter's night
now if you like that all ingredients can
be purchased at your local Woolies and
online by clicking here to subscribe to
our youtube channel click here to
explore all our other fresh idea recipes
click here and for more soup recipes
click here